# Enable the underground biome
aus_enable_biome_underground (Enable underground biome) bool true

# Enable the mangroves biome
aus_enable_biome_mangroves (Enable mangroves biome) bool true

# Enable the tasman_sea biome
aus_enable_biome_tasman_sea (Enable tasman_sea biome) bool true

# Enable the great_australian_bight biome
aus_enable_biome_great_australian_bight (Enable great_australian_bight biome) bool true

# Enable the indian_ocean biome
aus_enable_biome_indian_ocean (Enable indian_ocean biome) bool true

# Enable the great_barrier_reef biome
aus_enable_biome_great_barrier_reef (Enable great_barrier_reef biome) bool true

# Enable the timor_sea biome
aus_enable_biome_timor_sea (Enable timor_sea biome) bool true

# Enable the jarrah_karri_forests biome
aus_enable_biome_jarrah_karri_forests (Enable jarrah_karri_forests biome) bool true

# Enable the eastern_coasts biome
aus_enable_biome_eastern_coasts (Enable eastern_coasts biome) bool true

# Enable the goldfields_esperence biome
aus_enable_biome_goldfields_esperence (Enable goldfields_esperence biome) bool true

# Enable the arnhem_land biome
aus_enable_biome_arnhem_land (Enable arnhem_land biome) bool true

# Enable the gulf_of_carpentaria biome
aus_enable_biome_gulf_of_carpentaria (Enable gulf_of_carpentaria biome) bool true

# Enable the far_north_queensland biome
aus_enable_biome_far_north_queensland (Enable far_north_queensland biome) bool true

# Enable the pilbara biome
aus_enable_biome_pilbara (Enable pilbara biome) bool true

# Enable the kimberley biome
aus_enable_biome_kimberley (Enable kimberley biome) bool true

# Enable the tasmania biome
aus_enable_biome_tasmania (Enable tasmania biome) bool true

# Enable the great_dividing_range biome
aus_enable_biome_great_dividing_range (Enable great_dividing_range biome) bool true

# Enable the victorian_forests biome
aus_enable_biome_victorian_forests (Enable victorian_forests biome) bool true

# Enable the flinders_lofty biome
aus_enable_biome_flinders_lofty (Enable flinders_lofty biome) bool true

# Enable the murray_darling_basin biome
aus_enable_biome_murray_darling_basin (Enable murray_darling_basin biome) bool true

# Enable the mulga_lands biome
aus_enable_biome_mulga_lands (Enable mulga_lands biome) bool true

# Enable the central_australia biome
aus_enable_biome_central_australia (Enable central_australia biome) bool true

# Enable the simpson_desert biome
aus_enable_biome_simpson_desert (Enable simpson_desert biome) bool true

# Enable the australian_alps biome
aus_enable_biome_australian_alps (Enable australian_alps biome) bool true
